so I had a partnership with the CPA and
our lunch and partnership with them as
they took activation keys all they would
resell them to their members and their
members would sign in to my site used to
activation key which would bypass system
that I would build Institute at the end
of every quarter for we do projects like
building for my portion that collect all
these with some of the other
professional bodies I approached ended
up control of professional bodies here
in our hands up some in the UK and so I
had a profit share space and what others
there was a fee for the quantitation
after that anything he made was yours
book they didn't actively market the
courses while some of the other parties
but again the money was it was well
worth spending so that's how I got into
my silent and it sounds so smooth like
the way she went over this right now
yard is gonna be listening to the say oh
that's so great oh it's wonderful here
she made over a hundred thousand euro on
this excellent it she got this is really
glossed over here is the fact that he
hinted towards it that is she started
out she just had some tutorials that you
put together as you put them on a CD she
didn't know what she was going to do
with them and how she would go about
selling them and use it when she talked
to these people there was all the stuff
she said was information overload
learning management system in school and
this that and the other thing is you
scrub brush set to the site here and she
started telling us about how she went
out to get a learning management system
put together but like that makes it
sound so much easier than it is and it's
lovely $210,000 she also briefly
mentioned she had put out a
specification and got a quote from
somebody in Ireland and she couldn't
afford to do that to google.com and then
she jumps ahead ok so later
2010 when she didn't mention is
still what it cost her to build that
mess in the first place is not an
insignificant amount of money it's so
great she recalled in some period of
time but at the time that she was doing
this she didn't know and remember shin
guards instance who yet the
accreditations she just knew that they
wanted some LMS and she she went out
there she put together specifications
she laid off the large sum of money has
put together before she knew whether she
was gonna make you know so little bit
more about the process that you had to
go through because you said it took 18
months from your videos and yeah so I
stopped making the first videos it took
me about six months to make videos and
then I had to just another 12 months to
draw back and work with the developers
working with an experienced a huge huge
experience anybody out there that I'm
sure they have experienced the same
there's something to be said about being
able to just reach across the desk angle
somebody you know when you have that
sort of distance you can do that and I
went back obviously now and I asked for
ABC and they gave me a be CD which you
know I can't argue with that was the act
well I was kinda hope you know what I
was kind of that they would come back to
me and say oh well ABC into you and look
at explains it would run times and
called their the site had you know I had
to make provement number changes to the
site
how do I have had my side
yeah so what you basically did is like
you just sort of lost yourself into the
situation and i wanna talk about that a
little bit more about yourself in that
situation because we talked about you
are a certified public accountants not
like you were an internet marketer
whether such a thing like that existed
at that you weren't you weren't you
weren't somebody who was you know prior
to that
running any of your own types so you and
counting
background you were willing to then say
sure this sounds like a great idea I
kinda had a passion for teaching as well
which I got through that I had always
had you and your smile we had trained
using I really enjoyed training aspect
of my roles so I kinda knew that
training was something that I would
enjoy that why would I now do some
face-to-face training as well but at the
time I wasn't you know it was only
employee training that I would have been
doing what I have one particular story
about it Carroll
that she she really kind of inspired me
on the teaching side she came to work as
a temp and I was working for this
company where was very much you have to
have a minimum of its green apple to
even be an administrator or receptionist
and she came to attempt we didn't mind
and i got on really well I asked her if
she liked it and she was very excited I
am I went and I told the CEO and he
wasn't as happy as I was
and his first thing to say to you as
well I want you to ask her in the
interview why she's got an education so
that was no problem I asked her in the
interview and what she tells me that
when she was fifteen her brother was
murdered and the sister of the guy that
actually killed her brother was in her
class and she couldn't face and she'd
never been given any chances and she's
never been given any opportunities for
the few days that she was tampering with
us she wanted to there and everything
she just she was younger she was like so
I jobs and while she was working career
plans for everybody I put it on the
market and the day and I spent so much
time on the day she got her and she said
I never ever have I know I wasn't the
one given her the formal education but I
was supporting behind I was making sure
her work 18 that inspired you know get
more into education ok so that was one
of the things that you that pushed in
that inspiration for you to say about
putting these pieces together so that I
can create whatever this learning
management system and whatever score
means I know that I enjoyed the
experience I had teaching dis one young
woman and helping see how that turned
around her life and so i'm gona put
myself out there and get the pieces
together one way or another so that I
can have the opportunity to educate more
people so so you did it first and got
this
platform launched in you mentioned that
it did go well it did go out a lot of
money
yeah I did and I it went from just being
in 2013 I launched another course I'm
not and I then went into partnership
with the professional training academy
and we start hosting their courses
business skills skill courses on the
site as well which were all also
credited for CPD so it was all worth no
prints fairly quickly but there are
obstacles in my life
obstacles but the relationship with my
business partner but just never came I
have no sales experience I could sell a
digital marketing marketing online
marketing wat you know me so I partnered
with this guy leave he was you know we
could start getting organic sales online
such institutes that never happened and
for that reason for the fact these new
rules have come in for digital products
online on my site can no longer I'm glad
so them two reasons I'm actually winding
down the National Training Academy next
year I'm kinda parking the exile and I
am working again I'm going down the
accreditations route will be exam prep
classes with the hope that they will
then come in and take my access classes
when they pass you know it's kind of the
next day